what would you do if a crazy killer
planted torture traps in your home
would you be able to survive in this
video
i will break down how to easily beat the
traps in
the collector the movie starts off with
a couple arriving home after a fun night
out
the woman calls for larry and we see a
big red box
in the middle of their room both of them
don't seem too worried about a random
box
so they get closer and see a card that
says for the collection
the box then shakes and they both get
startled
let's be honest who is going to open an
unknown creepy box
that has something moving inside other
than larry
nobody will he goes to open the box
when someone grabs him from behind and
it cuts to black
arkhan and others are doing work on a
nice house that is in the middle of
nowhere
hannah pops up out of nowhere and asks
arkhan if he wants to
have a tea party he says yes and hannah
playfully drinks tea with him
her father walks in the room so arkhan
tells him that he fixed his door and
leaves
he goes to his car to smoke a sig and
jill here shows up and asks him for one
arkan reluctantly gives her one and they
talk about simple things like each
other's names
the homeowner pays arkhan for his work
and even gives him a little extra money
later that night arkan meets up with his
daughter and gives her a gift
lisa then shows up and is mad at him
because they are in debt
and need money by that night he leaves
and tries to persuade this man to rob
the house
he was just doing work at the guy says
they have a routine and can't rob them
that night
if arkhan was this desperate for money
he could have asked this guy for money
and then when they rob the house he can
pay him back or even give more of his
percentage to this guy
which is what they do arkan arrives at
the home
and is attacked by a dog that nearly
bites him
he gets to the front door and easily
picks the lock
he heads up the stairs to the safe lifts
up a picture
and starts to work on cracking the code
he hears a creak
but doesn't think much of so he keeps
working
when he heard this he could have easily
stopped and hid for a few minutes
just to make sure it was nobody he hears
another creek
so this time he quickly moves to another
room
from this we can see the collector
listening for arkhan
in the other room he makes it to the
front door
and sees that the door now has more
locks than it did
the only reason someone would have this
many locks is to keep someone out
or to keep them in if arkhan didn't see
them when he entered the home
then there must be someone trying to
keep something in which is a terrifying
thought
he knows he doesn't have much time till
he has to find the money for lisa so he
goes back to the safe
he stops when he hears screams coming
from the vent
he moves into another room when the
homeowner falls and is all bloody
the owner thinks arkhan is doing this to
him and when he grabs a golf club a
whole chain reaction takes place that
eventually throws the man over the
balcony
after seeing this arkhan desperately
tries to look for an exit
but all the windows and doors are
boarded up
he goes to pick up a phone when a nail
stabs him in the ear
seconds later he reaches for the window
and gets his hands caught in razor
blades
after getting stabbed in the ear i think
most people would try to bandage it up
not try to escape
seconds later but arkhan is just
different
he moves to another room to hide from
the collector but then finds a
chandelier with knives attached
he is unable to get the knife so he
walks into another room
that is filled with wires i'm surprised
that arkhan knows how to pick a lock
but doesn't know that he should grab a
weapon when in danger
at this point he should also know that
every move could potentially lead to his
death
so he needs to be super cautious another
room
is filled with bear traps arkhan could
have taken these bear traps
and moved them to different locations to
possibly distract or trap the collector
he enters another room and when he turns
on the lights the homeowner screams
and we see he was being tortured he also
sees victoria is gagged and sitting in a
tub
she tells him to find hannah and he
persuades her to scream
and cause a distraction this works and
attracts the collector
allowing arkhan to run upstairs in
search for hannah
and the gun he makes it to the safe and
grabs the gun
he hears rattling coming from a closet
and when he looks
it's a big red box he opens it and
outfalls larry from the beginning of the
movie
opening the box was a risk because all
we know it could have been another trap
or it could have had an alarm that would
go off if it was opened
he walks into another room and steps
into acid that quickly starts to melt
his shoes
the collector hears this and walks
toward him
he reaches the room but arkhan is able
to hide under the pillows
before he is seen he leaves and tries
to help victoria escape this is very
risky
and not a smart option victoria scream
and hide so when the collector shows up
you can get a jump on him
and shoot him from behind victoria
starts to scream when she sees what
happened to her husband
she runs off and is stabbed by the
collector repeatedly
arkhan hides under a table when the
collector walks over
and helps a spider this would have been
the perfect time for arkhan
to use his gun and kill the collector
arkhan runs to another room and here's a
car honking the horn
it's turns out to be jill and her
boyfriend who are about to enter the
house
but it's locked they get into the house
from a back door
and are oblivious to their surroundings
this is great news for arkhan because it
will give him a better chance of
escaping
jill sees the collector but he easily
kills her boyfriend
and drags jill away arkhan could have
third partied this
and possibly killed the collector while
he was focused on something
else he would have had a higher chance
of killing him than he would with a
one-on-one
arkham distracts the collector and tries
to help jill escape
she picks up scissors and gets slammed
into a board with nails
dying instantly arkhan then tries to
help larry
who's in the red box if i was stuck in a
home
i would definitely want arkhan with me
because he tries to help everyone escape
although this is good all the people he
has tried to help have been killed
minutes later
at this point he should stop trying to
help others and save himself or kill the
collector
and then help others he breaks through a
window
and makes it outside i'm not sure why he
didn't just do this earlier but okay
he starts to run off but is stopped when
he sees hannah in the window and decides
to go back inside and save her
arkhan should have tried to get a phone
and call the police before going back
inside
this may sound harsh but if hannah was
able to survive for this long
i think she can do it for a little while
longer
she is about to get caught by the
collector when arkhan shows up and hits
him with the gun instead of shooting it
he then takes hannah into another room
and leaves the gun behind
hannah is able to make it into a laundry
chute but right as arkhan tries to
the collector breaks down the door and
knocks him out
the collector chains arcane up and
proceed to torture him by knocking out
his teeth
meanwhile hannah is witnessing all of
this
a cop then shows up at the house which
stops the torture
the officer sees some carnage in the
house so he pulls out his gun
and moves to the side of the home the
collector steps out
and the cop tells him to freeze and to
drop the weapon
suddenly the collector's dog bites the
officer in the neck
and the collector finishes him off
meanwhile
arkhan is able to escape the torture
chains he was in
he takes hannah and they get up the
laundry chute right before the
collector's dog reaches them
arkhan is able to get close to the
collector and they get into a fight
he pushes the collector down the stairs
and locks him in the basement but the
collector easily shoots down the door
they plant a mirror which distracts the
collector giving them time
to use his own trap against him this
time they both make it outside but when
arkhan tries to stop the police
he gets hit by the car hannah is saved
by the police
while arkan rides to the hospital
suddenly
the ambulance is hit and tumbles over
the collector opens the doors takes
arkhan puts him in his van
and drives off that is how the movie
ends
i hope you all enjoyed this video and if
you did feel free to check out my other
videos